okay it's Peter Andre's midnight game
[Music]
[Applause]
you've been set up by your beautiful
wife Emily to be a contestant on
tonight's midnight game show we've got
to crack on Peter because the bedside
clock is ticking as best you can
Peter your first question it's got a
little lovely big bed here your first
question is you have to tell me what
celebrity is in your television
[Laughter]
say good morning the times I've dreamt
about this right now we're going to play
a little game called kanga whoo so here
we have so here we have a kangaroo there
are clues to who is inside this costume
I should tell you it's a costume
there are clues in the pouch if you'd
like to reach into the pouch there we go
I have a little feeling they're midnight
games out right so what are you kind of
getting from that if it's nothing you
can reach in the pouch for another one
every night games out there midnight
games
what I've noticed about that it might
stand out let's have another go in the
pouch it's a quite a hot don't say
anything it's where it's a hot what's
not now we've got ah what's that stairs
stairs stairs anything else you might
call that it isn't stairs case let's go
for another clue let's go
okay what's that
that is a mic yes okay one more is
everything else bring Mike Mike Spring
win in it's Mike visit Mike spring no
one will beat home with me what's that
five six seven eight I'm helping I know
I know I know
yes put it all together you've got
midnight games how you hook up you've
got a leak I don't like your phone and
you've got stairs case unless you want
to think of another word for that six
seven eight steps my footsteps
what missing here what's missing in the
in the Scrabble it
a truce
[Applause]
we need to get to town for paint she's
so hot oh my god actually cast away so
strange he's going catch a shower his
Welsh it's a leak I know it you're right
next little bags you did pretty lenient
okay I'm actually really well it's late
for all of us you were so sweet we've
got to finish the game show we're gonna
finish the game show but then we should
absolutely have a coffee TV rich
Donald's on from your mega hits this
will be very easy just fill in the
lyrics Oh mysterious girl that's good
stuff no there's more but I can't see
aging will reverse cloning will diverse
what songs that from I know it's insane
eeeh okay aging or reverse cloning or
diversify its I'm supposed to be
diversify reality is slowly creeping
into our lives
insanity is slowly creeping at aura
[Applause]
who is this oh my god is there more is
that meant to be oh and you notice
anything about this man that rings any
bells with me really he was very worried
about the future bookings yes
this is an official Peter Andre
look-alike now you might as well meet
each other because he's been making
money pretending to be so sorry I'm just
saying you don't a lot more if you look
like David Beckham okay but to win the
point can I just ask you there looking
like here please and we're gonna have a
quick arm-wrestle to win the day come on
in it's Peter versus Peter Pete's going
for the t-shirt all right hold on doing
this yep it's happening it's Peter
versus but oh my god
[Music]
good-looking fellow only now it is time
to play a little quiz about your own
life
Peter please welcome the beast from the
chase okay so I'm gonna ask questions
you're gonna you're gonna write down
your answer and you're gonna write down
an answer and let's see who knows Peter
Andre better is it Peter Andre himself
or the beast from the chase alright the
first question about your life yes what
was Peters dad's favorite lunch dope
dope set but what was his favorite lunch
it's Harry alright h-his steps is he
okay he's actually ironically he was so
exhausted he's falling down the steps is
you're no he's not a writer he fell down
the steps but listen it's how he lucid
he would
he's falling down the steps no he's in
hospital it's your fault because it took
you so long to get a staircase and then
you looked at midnight he said need knit
no anyway it was with H's were missing
he'd be alive today then he wouldn't
have fallen down the stairs next
question what Peter Andre once put in
his brother Chris's ice cream as a prank
straight away you're not I swear no what
he did to me I see the other guy
don't out with the Beast he will maul
you to death last question what's Peter
Andre's friend and choreographer Victor
give him just before he went live on
stage face performance on Australian
talent show new face how do you know
these things the answer to question one
what did you put Peter Andre ham
sandwich and you've puts him a soccer no
that's that he just went Greek that's
why he's brilliant because he tries to
work it out even if he doesn't know the
answer but it is one-nil to you okay
what did Peter Andre put his brother's
ice cream mustard that's the correct
answer
mustard and handsome chocolate well it's
a mars bar
you just beaten the Beast it's good to
see you max I've slipped away
thank you the Beast so H from steps is
in hospital yes
he needed oxygen but they accidentally
gave him hydrogen but it's fine
okay now please welcome these dancers
yes has Vidya keep in there boom Oh
sticky bro you're speaking pingu what's
gonna happen is you're going to come a
you through no it's not Pharrell they're
a Greek friend okay so you pop that on
Peter
now Peter all you have to do is keep up
with these Greek dancers moves until the
end of the song
alright let's do this
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
if you back into page maybe we'll take
that top very nice a ladder what some
Thomas alot
[Music]
[Applause]
you know all of it
what my god what the hell was that all
about
[Applause]
[Music]
you